>> OUR COALITION IS STRONG, OUR
CAUSE IS JUST, AND OUR MISSION
WILL SUCCEED.
>> Woodruff: PRESIDENT OBAMA
ASKS CONGRESS TO APPROVE
MILITARY FORCE AGAINST ISLAMIC
STATE MILITANTS.
SENATORS TIM KAINE AND DEB
FISCHER ON THE REACTION FROM
CAPITOL HILL.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
GWEN IFILL IS AWAY.
ALSO AHEAD THIS WEDNESDAY,
SECURITY CONCERNS SHUTTER
EMBASSIES IN YEMEN, AMERICANS
EVACUATE A COUNTRY YEARNING FOR
STABILITY AFTER REBEL FIGHTERS
SEIZED CONTROL.
FROM BRIAN WILLIAMS TO JON
STEWART, A SHAKE UP IN TV NEWS
AND POLITICAL COMEDY.
WE LOOK AT THE ROLES OF
CELEBRITY, TRUST, AND NEW MEDIA
HAVE CHANGED THE WAY AMERICANS
CONSUME NEWS.
PLUS, DAVID AXELROD ON HIS YEARS
ADVISING PRESIDENT OBAMA AND
WHY, DESPITE HIS TIME IN
WASHINGTON, HE STILL BELIEVES IN
THE POLITICAL PROCESS.
>> I JUST WANTED TO WRITE A
STORY ABOUT MY OWN JOURNEY TO
MAKE THE CASE IT'S WORTHWHILE TO
ENGAGE IN THIS PROCESS.
>> THIS IS A GREAT EXAMPLE OF AN
ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF MECHANICAL
ENERGY WHICH IS CURRENTLY BEING
COMPLETELY WASTED.
>> Woodruff: THE POLITICS AND
RED TAPE BLOCKING HYDROPOWER, A
RENEWABLE ENERGY SOURCE WITH
UNTAPPED POTENTIAL.
>> WE KEPT THINKING, GEE, THEY
REALLY OUGHT TO BE A WAY WE
COULD USE THAT WATER.
WE WERE HAVING TO JUMP THROUGH
THE SAME HOOPS THAT IF YOU ARE
GOING TO MOVE BOULDER DAM.
>> Woodruff: THOSE ARE SOME OF
THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.